and that brings up scum tied for the
surprise your Spetsnaz
no one's ever dodged that shot but no
one gets lucky twice either
I've been with eating it since I was
born I grew up on the battlefield
conflict and victory were my parents
me
whoever you are you're not stopping us
now that there's nothing more that she's
going to sing it's time for my wonderful
voice taking a small break from my
resident evil 4 video hopefully that
will be hopefully this one will be much
more coherent than my krauser one
my krauser castle one anyway taking out
the light now because later it becomes a
giant pain in the ass because she'll
actually flash it at you and the glare
is really annoying yeah here's my basic
strategy just keep moving back and forth
between
here's her strategy taking up me cover
to block you this isn't it as it
couldn't be but it's still annoying Oh
super fast button tapping you
awesomeness see that's proof of how fast
I can say that but anyway I'm not sure
whether I'm hitting her or not it's kind
of hard to tell the damn freaking
blanket blocking her you know i would
think that because these are
tranquilizer rounds that they wouldn't
go through Twila they wouldn't go
through that blanket and now apparently
they're becoming a painter her ass so
she's deciding to take you down I tried
to shoot her in the meantime but I could
and now you can see that your movements
starting to slow down and my reaction
time is not improving so now she's not
smart enough to look on the other side
and I missed ha ownage trying to get
into a better position try to get her
with a head shot
cyber